README.md, before:

# ByzCast

**ByzCast** is a proof of concept of a partial-genuine byzantine atomic multicast protocol using as base to implementation the library **[BFT-SMaRt][1]**. 
The idea behind this project is simple: we use multiple groups of instances of BFT-SMART and the data are partitioned between these groups. 
Messages addressed only to one group are routed locally and messages addressed to multiple groups are forwarded to a global group. 
After the global consensus the message is forwarded to the corresponding local(s) group(s).

[1]: https://github.com/bft-smart/library

## Installation

This project requires Java Runtime Environment 1.8 and Maven. 
To compile:
   
    mvn package


## Usage

Sample scripts to run both server and client side can be found in the ``script`` folder.

### History

This project started as a simple proof of concept that is possible to construct a partial-genuine atomic multicast protocol using the classic approach in broadcast consensus protocols currently available, 
in this case [BFT-SMaRt][1] library, a replication library written in Java designed to tolerate Byzantine fault that implements state machine replication.

The basic idea behind this PoC started by deploying 

![alt text](1.png "Title")

And this is the second version
 
![alt text](2.png "Title")

## Credits

TODO: Write credits.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

## License

ByzCast - A (hopeful) high-throughput BFT Atomic Multicast implementation
Copyright (C) 2017, University of Lugano

This file is part of ByzCast.

BFT-SWARM is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

Commit message:

clened up branch for direct client replies

README.md, after:

# ByzCast
This branch was used to experiment with replicas not contacted directly by a client to reply to the client directly.
The code is from an old commit and is not maintained.
But might be usefull if in the future someone wants to work in this direction.
**ByzCast** is a proof of concept of a partial-genuine byzantine atomic multicast protocol using as base to implementation the library **[BFT-SMaRt][1]**. 
The idea behind this project is simple: we use multiple groups of instances of BFT-SMART and the data are partitioned between these groups. 
Messages addressed only to one group are routed locally and messages addressed to multiple groups are forwarded to a global group. 
After the global consensus the message is forwarded to the corresponding local(s) group(s).

[1]: https://github.com/bft-smart/library

## Installation

This project requires Java Runtime Environment 1.8 and Maven. 
To compile:
   
    mvn package


## Usage

Sample scripts to run both server and client side can be found in the ``script`` folder.

### History

This project started as a simple proof of concept that is possible to construct a partial-genuine atomic multicast protocol using the classic approach in broadcast consensus protocols currently available, 
in this case [BFT-SMaRt][1] library, a replication library written in Java designed to tolerate Byzantine fault that implements state machine replication.

The basic idea behind this PoC started by deploying 

![alt text](1.png "Title")

And this is the second version
 
![alt text](2.png "Title")

## Credits

TODO: Write credits.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

## License

ByzCast - A (hopeful) high-throughput BFT Atomic Multicast implementation
Copyright (C) 2017, University of Lugano

This file is part of ByzCast.

BFT-SWARM is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
